Narrative:
On Saturday, September 24, 2022, officers responded to a call at 128 Ruthven Street in Roxbury regarding a complaint of three black males trespassing, banging on a door, and causing a disturbance. Upon arrival, we found Mr. Donya Henderson, along with two male accomplices later identified as Dajon Harrison and Tyler White, attempting to kick in the door of an apartment. I asked the subjects for identification, but they initially stated they had no IDs. Mr. Harrison claimed they were there to visit family, specifically a cousin he referred to as "Christmas," but admitted he did not know the name of the person in Apartment 5. I explained to the group that they were currently trespassing and needed to provide their names. Mr. Harrison and Mr. White eventually provided their information verbally, and Mr. Henderson identified himself as "Donnie Henderson" and provided his date of birth.

During the interaction, a female arrived on the scene who the subjects identified as the homeowner and their cousin. I asked her if she knew the subjects and if they lived at the residence. She confirmed she knew them but explicitly stated that they did not live there. Based on the homeowner’s statement confirming the subjects did not reside at the location, I established probable cause for trespassing. We proceeded to detain the three males. I advised Mr. Henderson of his Miranda rights, stating, "Before we ask you any questions, you must understand your rights," and fully recited the warning. Mr. Henderson replied, "Yes, sir," indicating he understood.

Following further investigation, Mr. Henderson was found in possession of a loaded Ruger LCP 380 equipped with an extended magazine loaded with seven rounds. I noted to the other officers that because one firearm was recovered, all subjects were to be placed in handcuffs until we could verify there were no additional weapons. Mr. Henderson was arrested on sight and charged with unlawful possession of a firearm, unlawful possession of a large capacity feeding device, unlawful possession of ammunition, and trespassing.