Narrative:
I initiated contact with a male subject and asked him if he was a "drunk bum." I stated that I knew the group was always drinking. I asked the subject if he had an ID on him. He asked why he needed an ID, and I explained it was because he was drinking. The subject stated that no one was drinking in the summer and that they were being flushed out. I informed the subject that I was not going to summon him for it but wanted him to know that I was aware they had been hanging out. The subject stated he had an ID but could not say his name. Shortly thereafter, he identified himself as William White. I asked for his date of birth [INSERT: William White's date of birth].

I asked another individual to go over to a specific area with the subject, but the individual refused, stating, "No, that's okay." I issued verbal commands to "come on" and "stop" repeatedly. I addressed an individual as Chuck. I asked a subject if he was done, and he replied, "No, I'm not." I ordered an individual to come to me and stated, "I need your keys." I also told an individual identified as Joe that I needed his keys. A subject made comments regarding what he owed a man and remarked, "You got some big fuck." I ordered the subject to step back and step over to a designated area, stating, "I got you."

I transmitted my call sign, Bravo 102, over the radio. I advised the subject that this was not the time to do it and stated, "We're outside of flames, don't blow up." I requested one more unit via radio, reporting that a crowd was gathering but there was no trouble at that time. I informed the subject that before I asked him any questions, he must understand he was going to be on the way to the "main island." I stated to him, "Anything you say could be of help to you." I observed that there were approximately six or seven officers present. The subject made comments regarding a "strong man" and a "strong man lawyer." I asked another officer if they had run the subject's information, and the officer indicated they had not done so yet.