Narrative:
On Friday, September 9, 2022, at [INSERT: time of incident], officers from the Youth Violence Strike Force, along with Massachusetts State Police, conducted a traffic stop in the area of 32 Warren Street in Roxbury. We initiated the stop after observing the vehicle pull out, "skirt" its tires, and "fly" out of the area. As we conducted the stop and approached the vehicle, we observed the driver, later identified as 31-year-old Tracy Young of Lawrence, motioning towards the center console of the car. Upon further investigation, we recovered a fully loaded SCCY CPX-1, a compact 9mm firearm with 1 round chambered and 11 rounds in the magazine. [INSERT: how evidence was collected or stored].

I advised Mr. Young that we were going to proceed "by the book" and read him his Miranda warnings. I informed him that he had the right to remain silent, that anything he said might be used against him in a court of law, that he had the right to consult with a lawyer before answering questions and to have one present during questioning, and that if he could not afford an attorney, one would be provided by the Commonwealth at no cost. I asked if he understood these rights and advised him that he could waive his rights to answer questions or make a statement.

Following the reading of rights, I demanded Mr. Young’s license to carry a firearm. Mr. Young stated, "I have a training permit." When I specifically asked, "Do you have a license to carry?" Mr. Young complied with the questioning and admitted, "No, I don't." During this interaction, we also discussed his identification; Mr. Young indicated he did not know his social security number but stated his ID was in his wallet.

Mr. Young was placed under arrest on the scene. [INSERT: details regarding transport of suspect]. He was charged with unlawful possession of a firearm, unlawful possession of ammunition, and unlawful possession of a large-capacity feeding device. Mr. Young was subsequently arraigned in Roxbury District Court.