Narrative: On Friday, April 5, 2024, at about 12:15 p.m., I was operating with members of the Drug Control Units of District C-11, District E-5, and the FBI Metro Boston Gang Task Force in the area of 1916 Dorchester Avenue. We were conducting an ongoing drug investigation and executing a search warrant. We observed the suspect, identified as Craig Lee, looking at his phone. Officers approached him, issuing verbal commands to "stay right there" and "show me your hands," followed by an order to put his hands right behind his back. The suspect complied. He was advised that at any time during questioning he could cancel questions and was asked if he understood his rights. He was subsequently informed that we possessed a search warrant for his car, his body, and his apartment for drugs.

We proceeded to the suspect's apartment to execute the residential warrant. Prior to entry, officers asked the suspect if anyone was inside, and it was determined that two females and two children, including an infant, were present. We approached the door, knocked, and announced "Boston Police" and "we have a search warrant for this apartment" multiple times. After verifying that 30 seconds had passed on the recording, we made entry and cleared the apartment. Supervisor Sean Dineen identified himself to the occupants and explained that the unit had been conducting a long-term investigation into Craig illegally selling narcotics. We provided the occupants with copies of the warrant and informed them that we had seized Craig Norman's car downstairs. The occupants were cooperative and were permitted to retrieve personal items, such as an iPad.

As a result of the search warrant execution, officers recovered an H&K revolver with five rounds of ammunition, one kilogram of cocaine, one kilogram of fentanyl, 37 plastic bags of crack cocaine, 29 plastic bags of fentanyl, about 110 grams of Percocet, 980 fentanyl pills, two plastic bags of marijuana, approximately $29,688 in U.S. currency, and multiple scales, baggies, cutting agents, and various drug paraphernalia. Craig Lee was placed under arrest and charged with unlawful possession of a firearm, unlawful possession of ammunition, trafficking of Class A, trafficking of Class B, and possession with intent to distribute Class D.