Narrative:
On Saturday, March 30th, 2024, at about 5:22 p.m., officers assigned to District B3, Mattapan, responded to the area of 56 Dunbar Avenue regarding a report of a person with a knife. Upon arrival, officers observed two individuals running from the area and stopped them to ascertain what had occurred. We were advised that these individuals were being chased by a person with a knife. The victims, [INSERT: victim names], stated they were playing basketball when they were approached by the suspect who asked if he could play. The suspect became overly aggressive and was asked to leave. He then put one of the victims in a headlock before releasing him, at which point he pulled out a knife and began to chase the victims.

Officers were provided a description of the suspect and responding officers immediately observed the male screaming at the basketball court. We approached the suspect, later identified as Omar Stevenson, 37, of Dorchester. I commanded Stevenson to keep his hands up. He initially complied but questioned why we were there, stating, "I am relaxed." When asked if he had anything on him he shouldn't have, Stevenson denied having a gun and claimed someone had falsely reported him. Officers quickly apprehended Stevenson and conducted a pat frisk. During the frisk, officers recovered a 12-inch hunting knife in a sheath located in the suspect's waistband under his coat. Stevenson acknowledged ownership of the weapon, stating, "That's my knife."

I attempted to retrieve Stevenson's identification from his wallet to positively identify him. Stevenson became argumentative, repeatedly telling me not to touch his wallet or his "personal shit," and stating, "I'm not a suspect." He continued to be verbally aggressive, making disparaging remarks and asserting, "I could walk around with a knife, a gun... whatever I wanna walk with." Stevenson was placed in handcuffs and advised that he was under arrest. I informed him he was being charged with assault by means of a dangerous weapon, assault and battery, and carrying a dangerous weapon during a breach of the peace (26910B). Stevenson was escorted to the police vehicle and is expected to be arraigned in Dorchester District Court.