Narrative: At about 12:31 a.m. on Sunday, March 31st, 2024, officers assigned to the anti-crime unit of District C-6, South Boston, arrested Billy Huynh, 20, of Boston, and Christopher Jollymore, 40, of Boston. Officers were made aware by Boston police operations that three suspects were observed cutting a lock on a moped in the area of Gavin Way and O'Callaghan Way. Upon arrival, officers observed two suspects operating two mopeds, with the third suspect walking the stolen moped. Officers told the suspects to stop, and Jollymore, who was walking the moped, pushed it at officers. At this time, the suspect fled on foot, and a foot pursuit ensued.

Huynh told the fleeing suspect to get on the back of his moped. One of the officers was able to grab Jollymore on the back of the moped, but Huynh then accelerated. The operator refused to stop, causing the officer to be dragged by the moped until the rear suspect was removed. A violent struggle ensued, during which officers ordered the suspect to stop fighting and put his hands behind his back. The suspect verbally denied resisting, though officers stated he was resisting. With the assistance of responding officers, the suspect was placed into handcuffs. Officers observed the operator of the moped crash into a vehicle and attempt to flee. Officers were quickly able to place him into handcuffs without further incident. The third suspect was able to flee the scene.

Officers were able to recover the stolen moped and return it to the owner, who was present at the scene. While in custody, Jollymore asked why he was stopped and claimed he stopped when told. I explained that we received a call that someone was stealing a bike and they took off, noting that the scooter right there was the one they were trying to steal. Jollymore identified himself as Christopher Jollymore and stated he had no warrants. He complained about the handcuffs, but officers checked them and confirmed they could fit a finger inside and that they were not too tight.

Both suspects were placed under arrest and charged with larceny of a motor vehicle, destruction of property, disturbing the peace, assault and battery on a police officer, and resisting arrest. A wagon was requested for transport.