Narrative:
On [INSERT: Date and Time], I was involved in an incident regarding a report of shots fired and a vehicle described as a white Lexus seen driving at a high rate of speed past Talbot Avenue on Blue Hill. I made contact with the occupants of a vehicle matching the description that had turned onto Glenway. I asked the driver if he was driving fast or had passed the top of the specific location, and he replied, "No, sir." I instructed the occupants to stand by. The driver stated he lived at 51 Fenway Street and claimed he had just picked up the female passenger. He further admitted that he had been drinking this morning.

During the stop, I asked the female passenger for her ID. She stated she did not have it, and I verified her identity using a photograph on a phone. A search was conducted, and officers recovered a 9mm Smith & Wesson handgun loaded with 15 rounds in the magazine and one in the chamber. A Criminal Justice Information Services search revealed that the driver, identified as Mr. Butler, had outstanding warrants out of Maryland for attempted first-degree murder, attempted second-degree murder, first-degree assault, second-degree assault, reckless endangerment, use of a firearm during a felony, and handgun possession charges.

I read Mr. Butler his Miranda rights, and he indicated he understood. When asked if he had a license to carry a firearm, he responded, "No, sir." I subsequently read the female passenger her Miranda rights, which she stated she understood. She also confirmed she did not have a license to carry a firearm. During questioning, the female passenger admitted that she put the item in a bag when she saw the police. She stated she did this "just now" and claimed the driver knew nothing about it. She explained that Mr. Butler had come to pick her up because she was walking and tired, and she acknowledged she had seen him driving fast.

Mr. Butler was placed in the patrol car. In addition to the multiple outstanding warrants, Mr. Butler was charged with unlawful possession of a firearm, unlawful possession of a large capacity feeding device, unlawful possession of ammunition, reckless operation of a motor vehicle, and being a fugitive from justice. Arrangements were discussed to leave the vehicle keys with the landlord. Officers on scene requested a ballistics canine to assist with the investigation.