Narrative:
On Friday, January 6, 2022, at [INSERT: time of incident], officers assigned to Boston's District C-6 and Boston's District C-11 Drug Control Unit, along with agents from the FBI, executed three search warrants at 15 Boyden Street in Mattapan. This operation was part of an ongoing joint investigation focusing on Kenneth Wallace, 43, of Mattapan. Upon arrival at the residence, officers announced "Boston Police." Inside the dwelling, officers encountered a female individual and questioned her regarding who else was in the house and the location of the suspect. Officers also inquired about the whereabouts of a child on the premises. After confirming the child, a four-year-old male, was present, the female was permitted to retrieve him.

During the execution of the warrant, I detained a male individual who inquired why I was in his pocket and asked what he was being arrested for. I informed the individual that he was not under arrest at that specific moment but was being detained because officers possessed a search warrant for him. I advised the individual of his Miranda rights, stating he had "a right to make silence" and a right to an attorney even if he could not afford one. The individual asked if body-worn cameras were recording, and I confirmed that they were. When asked if he understood these rights, the individual responded, "Yeah" and "Certainly, send me the papers."

As a result of the execution of these warrants and subsequent searches, officers recovered 39 grams of fentanyl, 7 grams of methamphetamine, an undetermined amount of crack cocaine, and a box of 50 rounds of 9mm ammunition. Officers also recovered a loaded Taurus 709 slim 9mm handgun with one round in the chamber and six rounds in the magazine, as well as an AK-47 assault rifle loaded with 28 rounds of 7.62x39mm ammunition. Kenneth Wallace was placed under arrest and charged with unlawful possession of an assault weapon, unlawful possession of a firearm, unlawful possession of ammunition, trafficking fentanyl 36 grams or more, and possession with intent to distribute a Class B substance.