Narrative:
On Thursday, January 18, 2024, I was working as part of a joint investigation between Boston's Youth Violence Strike Force and the Massachusetts State Police Gang Unit. We were conducting an investigation into a target identified as Malik Parrish Butler, 23, of Roxbury, regarding his history involving firearm possession and other violent crimes. While on patrol, we observed a vehicle fail to stop at a stop sign at the intersection of Millet Street and Athelwold Street. We immediately recognized the passenger of the vehicle as Butler. We conducted a stop of the vehicle outside 204 Norwell Street in Dorchester.

My partner and I ordered both the driver and Butler to get out of the car. Butler refused our orders to step out, and consequently, he was assisted out of the vehicle. Upon searching Butler, we found him in possession of an illegal firearm, identified as a Glock 35 Gen 4 .40 caliber handgun. The firearm was loaded with 13 rounds in the magazine and one round in the chamber. During the encounter, Butler asked why he could not call anyone and inquired about the reason for the stop. I informed him that he was under arrest.

I read Butler his Miranda warnings, advising him of his right to remain silent, that anything he said could be used against him in a court of law, his right to consult with a lawyer before answering questions, and to have a lawyer present during questioning. I further advised him that if he could not afford a lawyer, one would be provided by the Commonwealth without cost, and that he could stop answering questions at any time. When asked if he understood these rights, Butler replied, "Yep." Following this advisement, Butler stated, "I don't have a license" and "I don't know what you're talking about."

We requested a transport unit to the scene and checked the rest of the vehicle. Based on the discovery of the weapon, Butler was charged with carrying a firearm without a license (subsequent offense), carrying a loaded firearm, possession of a large capacity feeding device, and possession of ammunition without an FID card.