Narrative:
At about 6:58 p.m. on Thursday, April 18, 2024, members of the District D-14 Allston-Brighton Drug Control Unit were conducting an ongoing drug investigation in the area of 1202 Commonwealth Avenue. Officers observed a male individual, later identified as Jose Reyes Jr., standing outside and looking at inbound traffic. A motor vehicle stopped in front of Reyes, and the front passenger exited. The two individuals engaged in conversation and were observed handing unknown items to one another, leading officers to believe a street-level drug transaction had occurred. An inquiry of the vehicle's registration revealed that it was revoked. Officers requested the assistance of a marked cruiser to conduct a traffic stop.

Upon approaching the motor vehicle, officers advised the occupants of the reason for the stop and ordered them to exit the vehicle as it needed to be towed due to the revoked registration status. I approached Reyes and asked for his identification; he identified himself as Jose. I advised Reyes of his Miranda rights, to which he subsequently engaged in conversation. When asked if he had any weapons on his person, Reyes admitted, "I got a knife on me," which was located and secured. Reyes denied engaging in a drug transaction, stating he just saw a friend named Adam, though he questioned why he was being detained.

During the interaction, Reyes questioned why officers were searching the vehicle and the glove box. He admitted, "You will find some weed in the middle console and a ball." Further investigation of the vehicle resulted in the recovery of a firearm, one magazine loaded with eight rounds, a second empty magazine, and a box of 42 rounds of 9mm ammunition. The firearm was determined to be a Smith & Wesson M&P Shield. When asked why the firearm was in the glove box, Reyes claimed it belonged to his nephew who lives in Vermont and stated the nephew had been in the car a few months prior. Reyes confirmed he did not have a license to carry a firearm.

Reyes was placed under arrest and charged with unlawful possession of a firearm, unlawful possession of ammunition, and distribution of Class E. The incident occurred in the area of [INSERT: specific location of the stop if different from 1202 Commonwealth Ave], referenced as a stop at 300. Reyes continued to deny knowledge of the firearm's presence or the registration issues, insisting the vehicle and insurance matters were a mix-up with the registry.