It was about 12:31 a.m. on Sunday, March 31st, 2024.
Officers were assigned to the anti-crime unit of District C-6, South Boston.
Officers arrested Billy Huynh.
Billy Huynh is 20 years old.
Billy Huynh is of Boston.
Officers arrested Christopher Jollymore.
Christopher Jollymore is 40 years old.
Christopher Jollymore is of Boston.
Officers were made aware by Boston police operations of a reported observation.
The report stated three suspects were observed cutting a lock on a moped.
The observation occurred in the area of Gavin Way and O'Callaghan Way.
Officers arrived at the scene.
Officers observed two suspects operating two mopeds.
Officers observed a third suspect walking a stolen moped.
Officers told the suspects to stop.
Jollymore was walking the moped.
Jollymore pushed the moped at officers.
Jollymore fled on foot.
A foot pursuit ensued.
Huynh told the fleeing suspect to get on the back of his moped.
One officer grabbed Jollymore on the back of the moped.
Huynh accelerated the moped.
The operator refused to stop.
The officer was dragged by the moped.
The officer was dragged until the rear suspect was removed.
A violent struggle ensued.
Officers ordered the suspect to stop fighting.
Officers ordered the suspect to put his hands behind his back.
The suspect verbally denied resisting.
Officers stated the suspect was resisting.
Responding officers assisted the initial officers.
The suspect was placed into handcuffs.
Officers observed the operator of the moped crash into a vehicle.
Officers observed the operator attempt to flee.
Officers placed the operator into handcuffs.
The operator was handcuffed without further incident.
The third suspect fled the scene.
Officers recovered the stolen moped.
Officers returned the moped to the owner.
The owner was present at the scene.
Jollymore was in custody.
Jollymore asked why he was stopped.
Jollymore claimed he stopped when told.
I explained that we received a call that someone was stealing a bike.
I explained that the suspects took off.
I noted that the scooter at the scene was the one the suspects were trying to steal.
Jollymore identified himself as Christopher Jollymore.
Jollymore stated he had no warrants.
Jollymore complained about the handcuffs.
Officers checked the handcuffs.
Officers confirmed they could fit a finger inside the handcuffs.
Officers confirmed the handcuffs were not too tight.
Both suspects were placed under arrest.
Both suspects were charged with larceny of a motor vehicle.
Both suspects were charged with destruction of property.
Both suspects were charged with disturbing the peace.
Both suspects were charged with assault and battery on a police officer.
Both suspects were charged with resisting arrest.
A wagon was requested for transport.