It was Friday, April 5, 2024.
It was about 12:15 p.m.
I was operating with members of the Drug Control Units of District C-11.
I was operating with members of the Drug Control Units of District E-5.
I was operating with members of the FBI Metro Boston Gang Task Force.
We were in the area of 1916 Dorchester Avenue.
We were conducting an ongoing drug investigation.
We were executing a search warrant.
We observed the suspect.
The suspect was identified as Craig Lee.
The suspect was looking at his phone.
Officers approached the suspect.
Officers issued verbal commands to "stay right there."
Officers issued verbal commands to "show me your hands."
Officers ordered the suspect to put his hands right behind his back.
The suspect complied.
The suspect was advised that at any time during questioning he could cancel questions.
The suspect was asked if he understood his rights.
The suspect was informed that we possessed a search warrant for his car.
The suspect was informed that we possessed a search warrant for his body.
The suspect was informed that we possessed a search warrant for his apartment.
The search warrants were for drugs.
We proceeded to the suspect's apartment.
We proceeded to execute the residential warrant.
Officers asked the suspect if anyone was inside prior to entry.
It was determined that two females were present.
It was determined that two children were present.
One of the children was an infant.
We approached the door.
We knocked on the door.
We announced "Boston Police" multiple times.
We announced "we have a search warrant for this apartment" multiple times.
We verified that 30 seconds had passed on the recording.
We made entry into the apartment.
We cleared the apartment.
Supervisor Sean Dineen identified himself to the occupants.
Supervisor Sean Dineen explained that the unit had been conducting a long-term investigation into Craig illegally selling narcotics.
We provided the occupants with copies of the warrant.
We informed the occupants that we had seized Craig Norman's car downstairs.
The occupants were cooperative.
The occupants were permitted to retrieve personal items.
The occupants retrieved items such as an iPad.
Officers recovered an H&K revolver.
Officers recovered five rounds of ammunition.
Officers recovered one kilogram of cocaine.
Officers recovered one kilogram of fentanyl.
Officers recovered 37 plastic bags of crack cocaine.
Officers recovered 29 plastic bags of fentanyl.
Officers recovered about 110 grams of Percocet.
Officers recovered 980 fentanyl pills.
Officers recovered two plastic bags of marijuana.
Officers recovered approximately $29,688 in U.S. currency.
Officers recovered multiple scales.
Officers recovered baggies.
Officers recovered cutting agents.
Officers recovered various drug paraphernalia.
Craig Lee was placed under arrest.
Craig Lee was charged with unlawful possession of a firearm.
Craig Lee was charged with unlawful possession of ammunition.
Craig Lee was charged with trafficking of Class A.
Craig Lee was charged with trafficking of Class B.
Craig Lee was charged with possession with intent to distribute Class D.