The date of the incident was Saturday, February 17th, 2024.
The time of the incident was about 7 a.m.
I am an officer assigned to Boston's District A1.
Other officers are assigned to Boston's District A1.
I responded to a radio call.
Other officers responded to the radio call.
The radio call described a person wearing all black.
The radio call described a person wearing a black ski mask.
The radio call stated the person was climbing up a fire escape ladder.
The location given in the call was the area of Cooper Street and Lynn Street.
I arrived at the scene.
We observed the suspect on the fire escape.
The fire escape was on the Thatcher Street side of the building.
Officers requested the suspect to climb down.
The suspect initially complied.
The suspect scrambled back up the ladder.
The suspect attempted to flee custody.
We knew the fire escape led to another street.
We followed the suspect on street level.
Officers observed the suspect jump off the fire escape.
Officers chased the suspect on foot.
We apprehended the suspect.
The suspect was apprehended in the area of Pentecost Street.
The suspect was identified as Calvin Feeney.
Calvin Feeney is 24 years old.
Calvin Feeney is of Douglas, Massachusetts.
Mr. Feeney was detained.
Mr. Feeney stated he wanted to get a picture of the sunrise.
Mr. Feeney stated he ran because he did not want to get in trouble for trespassing.
Mr. Feeney admitted it was "stupid" to run.
Mr. Feeney was asked if he had anything on his person.
Mr. Feeney stated he had a knife in his jacket pocket.
A knife was located.
An officer noted the presence of marijuana in a jacket pocket.
The area was searched.
An officer stated, "We've got a gun on the ground, sir."
I advised Mr. Feeney that he was being locked up.
I read Mr. Feeney his Miranda rights.
I advised Mr. Feeney of the right to remain silent.
I advised Mr. Feeney of the right to counsel.
Mr. Feeney asked what he was being arrested for.
I informed Mr. Feeney that he was under arrest.
I informed Mr. Feeney he was charged with attempt to commit a crime.
I informed Mr. Feeney he was charged with breaking and entering in the daytime.
I informed Mr. Feeney he was charged with disturbing the peace.
I informed Mr. Feeney he was charged with resisting arrest.
A transport wagon was called to the scene.
Mr. Feeney confirmed he had his wallet.
Mr. Feeney confirmed he had money.
Mr. Feeney requested to be buckled into the wagon.
Mr. Feeney was secured in the vehicle for transport.
Mr. Feeney was transported to the station to be booked.