I observed a vehicle.
The vehicle was occupied by a single individual.
The individual was later identified as Mr. Serrano.
I observed the vehicle commit a traffic violation.
The traffic violation consisted of running a stoplight.
The stoplight was situated before the bridge.
Officers stopped the vehicle.
Officers determined that Serrano had been operating under a suspended license.
Serrano was removed from the vehicle.
Serrano hesitated to be removed from the vehicle.
Serrano stated that the vehicle was not his.
Serrano acknowledged the vehicle was registered to him.
Serrano acknowledged the vehicle was registered to another individual.
Serrano expressed concern regarding the vehicle's contents.
Serrano mentioned a previous arrest for possession.
Serrano repeatedly denied knowledge of any items currently inside the vehicle.
Serrano requested to sit in the patrol car.
Serrano stated the request was due to the cold temperature.
Serrano was informed the vehicle lacked a cage.
Serrano was permitted to sit on the trunk of the vehicle.
I advised Serrano of his Miranda rights.
I stated that he had the right to remain silent.
I stated that anything he said could be used against him in a court of law.
I stated that he had the right to talk to a lawyer for advice before questioning.
I stated that he had the right to have a lawyer with him during questioning.
I stated that if he could not afford a lawyer, one would be provided by the Commonwealth at no cost.
I explained that he could decide to stop answering questions at any time.
Serrano was asked if he understood these rights.
Serrano responded, "Yes, sir."
Serrano continued to deny knowledge of the vehicle's contents.
Officers conducted a search of Serrano.
Officers conducted a search of the vehicle.
Officers recovered a plastic container during the search.
The contents of the container were tested.
The contents were determined to be a large quantity of cocaine.
The contents weighed roughly 68.1 grams.
Mr. Serrano was placed under arrest.
Mr. Serrano is facing charges related to trafficking cocaine.
Mr. Serrano is facing charges related to operating a motor vehicle with a suspended license.
Mr. Serrano was set to be arraigned at East Boston District Court.