The incident occurred on Thursday, March 21, 2024.
The incident occurred at approximately 10:21 a.m.
Officers were assigned to District B-2, Roxbury.
Officers responded to the Burger King located at 100 Washington Street in Dorchester.
Officers responded regarding reports of an individual wielding a knife.
I arrived at the scene.
I interviewed the victim.
The victim stated she was waiting to place an order inside the store.
The victim stated she witnessed an employee displaying disrespectful behavior towards an elderly customer.
The employee was identified as Pedro Carbuccia.
The victim stated she intervened to advise the suspect to show respect.
The intervention resulted in a verbal altercation.
Carbuccia used profanity toward the victim.
There was a witness.
The witness was the victim's husband.
The victim reported Carbuccia emerged from behind the counter.
The witness reported Carbuccia emerged from behind the counter.
The victim reported Carbuccia was brandishing a knife.
The witness reported Carbuccia was brandishing a knife.
Carbuccia challenged the victim to a physical altercation.
The witness described the weapon as a "little head knife."
I entered the store to investigate.
I located Carbuccia.
I informed Carbuccia that I was going to pat him down.
I inquired about a knife.
The knife was located [INSERT: specific location of knife discovery].
Carbuccia admitted ownership of the knife.
Carbuccia stated, "This is mine."
I spoke with another employee named Miguel.
Miguel confirmed Carbuccia’s identity.
Miguel stated he was in the office doing paperwork.
Miguel stated he did not witness the specific conflict.
I reviewed security camera footage with staff.
I attempted to corroborate the timeline of events described by the victim.
The timeline concerned when Carbuccia was at the counter.
The timeline concerned when Carbuccia approached the doorway.
I determined probable cause existed for an arrest based on allegations and witness statements.
I informed Carbuccia that we had to take him with us.
I instructed Carbuccia to put on his jacket.
I instructed Carbuccia to place his hands behind his back.
Carbuccia complied with my instructions.
I placed Carbuccia into handcuffs.
I placed Carbuccia into handcuffs without resistance.
I placed Carbuccia into handcuffs without further incident.
I advised Carbuccia that he was being taken in for fingerprints.
I advised Carbuccia that he was being taken to court.
Carbuccia was arrested.
Carbuccia was charged with assault with a dangerous weapon.