I initiated contact with a male subject.
I asked the male subject if he was a "drunk bum."
I stated that I knew the group was always drinking.
I asked the subject if he had an ID on him.
The subject asked why he needed an ID.
I explained to the subject that he needed an ID because he was drinking.
The subject stated that no one was drinking in the summer.
The subject stated that they were being flushed out.
I informed the subject that I was not going to summon him for it.
I informed the subject that I wanted him to know I was aware they had been hanging out.
The subject stated he had an ID.
The subject stated he could not say his name.
The subject identified himself as William White.
I asked for William White's date of birth [INSERT: William White's date of birth].
I asked another individual to go over to a specific area with the subject.
The individual refused to go to the specific area.
The individual stated, "No, that's okay."
I issued verbal commands to "come on."
I issued verbal commands to "stop" repeatedly.
I addressed an individual as Chuck.
I asked a subject if he was done.
The subject replied, "No, I'm not."
I ordered an individual to come to me.
I stated, "I need your keys."
I told an individual identified as Joe that I needed his keys.
A subject made comments regarding what he owed a man.
A subject remarked, "You got some big fuck."
I ordered the subject to step back.
I ordered the subject to step over to a designated area.
I stated, "I got you."
I transmitted my call sign, Bravo 102, over the radio.
I advised the subject that this was not the time to do it.
I stated, "We're outside of flames, don't blow up."
I requested one more unit via radio.
I reported that a crowd was gathering.
I reported that there was no trouble at that time.
I informed the subject regarding his transport to the "main island."
I stated to the subject, "Anything you say could be of help to you."
I observed that there were approximately six or seven officers present.
The subject made comments regarding a "strong man."
The subject made comments regarding a "strong man lawyer."
I asked another officer if they had run the subject's information.
The officer indicated they had not run the subject's information yet.