I was on patrol on [INSERT: Date and Time of Incident].
I was on patrol at [INSERT: Location of Incident].
I made contact with a male subject.
The male subject was identified as Robert Gomes.
Mr. Gomes stated he had just come from work at North Coast.
I asked Mr. Gomes for identification.
Mr. Gomes stated he did not have identification on his person.
Mr. Gomes initially provided a date of birth as June 11, 1922.
Mr. Gomes corrected his date of birth to June 11, 1974.
Mr. Gomes stated he resides at 11 Tribble Street in Brockton.
I ran Mr. Gomes's information.
I discovered an active warrant for suspended operation of a motor vehicle out of the State Police.
I discovered an active warrant for unshipped motor vehicle operation out of the State Police.
I informed Mr. Gomes of the warrant.
I instructed Mr. Gomes to turn around.
I instructed Mr. Gomes to remove his backpack.
I asked Mr. Gomes if he had any weapons.
Mr. Gomes initially stated he had a "double weapon."
Mr. Gomes clarified that he did not have a weapon.
I placed Mr. Gomes in handcuffs.
Mr. Gomes argued regarding his identity.
Mr. Gomes claimed he did not know his social security number.
Mr. Gomes claimed he had only been back in the country for a year.
Mr. Gomes asserted that he has a twin brother named Roberto Gomes.
Mr. Gomes stated his brother "drew drugs and steal all over Boston."
Mr. Gomes claimed I was confusing him with his brother.
I questioned Mr. Gomes regarding the black backpack he was carrying.
Mr. Gomes stated that his cousin Michael had handed him the backpack.
Mr. Gomes stated he received the backpack on the corner.
Mr. Gomes stated he received the backpack while coming from work.
I received information that [INSERT: Name/Title] Walzinski was reviewing surveillance cameras.
It was confirmed that the theft was captured on camera.
I advised Mr. Gomes that he was under arrest for shoplifting sunglasses.
I conducted a search of Mr. Gomes's person incident to arrest.
I conducted a search of Mr. Gomes's pockets incident to arrest.
I advised Mr. Gomes that I had searched the rear of my patrol vehicle prior to our arrival.
I advised Mr. Gomes that anything found in the patrol vehicle subsequently would be attributed to him.
Mr. Gomes was taken into custody on the charge of shoplifting.