The incident occurred on Tuesday, January 24, 2023.
The incident occurred around 7 p.m.
Officers were on patrol in the area of 11 West Selden Street.
Officers observed a vehicle.
The vehicle had a revoked registration.
We initiated a traffic stop.
We identified the owner of the vehicle as Ricky Chesson.
Ricky Chesson is 52 years old.
Ricky Chesson is of Mattapan.
I made contact with Chesson.
I asked Chesson if he had his license.
I asked Chesson if he had his registration.
Chesson responded, "No, I don't have a license."
Chesson explained that he lived nearby at 15 West Southern.
I asked Chesson again if he had the registration with him.
Chesson replied, "Nope."
Officers conducted a search.
Officers recovered a Glock 19.
The Glock 19 was loaded with 17 rounds of ammunition.
Chesson was placed under arrest.
The arrest was without incident.
I administered Miranda warnings to Chesson.
I stated, "Miranda Walton [sic], before we ask you any questions, you have the right... to remain silent."
I advised Chesson that anything he chose to say could be used against him in a court of law.
I advised Chesson that he had the right to consult with a lawyer before answering any questions.
I advised Chesson that he had the right to have a lawyer present during questioning.
I explained that if he could not afford a lawyer, one would be provided to him at no cost.
I explained that if he decided to answer questions, he could stop at any time.
I asked Chesson if he understood what I told him.
Chesson replied, "Yes, sir."
Chesson asked if he would get bail tonight.
I informed Chesson that the matter would be handled at the station.
I informed Chesson that I was going to call a bail magistrate.
Chesson was charged with unlawful possession of a firearm.
Chesson was charged with unlawful possession of a large capacity firearm.
Chesson was charged with unlawful possession of ammunition.
Chesson was charged with operating after suspension.
Chesson was charged with operating after revoked registration.
Chesson was charged with failure to maintain insurance.
Chesson was charged with possession of a Class B substance.