I was on patrol at about 12:48 a.m. on Saturday, March 23, 2024.
I was assigned to the Youth Violence Strike Force.
I was on Washington Street near Erie Street.
Officers observed a motor vehicle.
The motor vehicle entered the opposite travel lane.
The motor vehicle passed the vehicle traveling in front of it.
The motor vehicle continued on Washington Street.
The motor vehicle traveled at a high rate of speed.
The speed was estimated at about 50 miles per hour.
Officers queried the motor vehicle.
The vehicle had a revoked registration.
We conducted a traffic stop at 13 Harvard Street in Dorchester.
I made contact with the operator.
The operator initially identified himself as "Gerald Anderson".
The operator corrected his name to Jerome Anderson.
Jerome Anderson is 32 years old.
Jerome Anderson is of Dorchester.
I asked Anderson if he had a license.
Anderson stated, "No, I don't got my license."
Anderson indicated the car belonged to his "girl."
I informed Anderson he was "flying."
I estimated Anderson's speed at 50 miles per hour.
A female passenger was present in the vehicle.
Officers informed the passenger that the vehicle did not have insurance.
Anderson was removed from the vehicle.
The passenger was removed from the vehicle.
Officers conducted an inventory of the vehicle prior to towing.
Officers recovered a machete.
Officers recovered an Interarms .45 caliber handgun.
The handgun was loaded with one live .45 cartridge in the chamber.
The handgun was loaded with nine .45 cartridges in the magazine.
The driver was in proximity to the weapon.
Officers arrested Anderson.
[INSERT: whether Miranda warnings were provided]
Anderson was charged with unlawful possession of a firearm.
Anderson was charged with possession of ammunition without an FID card.
Anderson was charged with carrying a loaded firearm without a license.
Anderson was charged with unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle.
Anderson was charged with uninsured motor vehicle.
Anderson was charged with speeding.
Officers requested a tow for the vehicle.
Officers requested a transport unit to take Anderson to B3.
The female passenger attempted to retrieve items from the vehicle.
The items included her purse.
The items included corn.
The passenger was instructed to wait until officers were done.
[INSERT: details regarding the final disposition of the passenger]