I was on patrol at about 8:20 p.m. on Friday, April 5, 2024.
I am a member of the Youth Violence Strike Force.
I was in the area of 13 Woodville Street.
I observed a motor vehicle.
The motor vehicle was operating at a high rate of speed.
I activated my cruiser's emergency lights immediately.
I activated my cruiser's sirens immediately.
I initiated a traffic stop.
The motor vehicle stopped.
The motor vehicle quickly reversed at officers.
The motor vehicle stopped again after reversing.
I made contact with the occupants.
I observed all the windows to have excessive tint.
I requested the operator to exit the vehicle.
The operator refused to exit the vehicle.
Officers made multiple requests for the operator to exit.
A struggle ensued.
Officers felt an object in the suspect's waistband during the struggle.
Officers identified the object as a firearm.
Officers advised all other officers on scene of the presence of a firearm.
The suspect was placed into handcuffs.
The firearm was determined to be a Glock 19.
The firearm had one round in the chamber.
The firearm had 14 rounds in the magazine.
The suspect was identified as Nesli Bicenta.
Nesli Bicenta is 28 years old.
Nesli Bicenta is of Norwood.
There was another occupant in the vehicle.
The other occupant was released from the scene.
Bicenta told officers, “Y'all violating rights, bro.”
Bicenta told officers, “Y'all violating me.”
Officers confirmed information regarding the vehicle status.
Officers confirmed information regarding the license status.
Officers verbally noted “Stolen.”
Officers verbally noted “Suspended.”
I advised Bicenta of his Miranda rights.
I informed Bicenta of his right to consult with a lawyer.
I informed Bicenta of his right to have a lawyer present during questioning.
I informed Bicenta that a lawyer would be provided at no cost if he could not afford one.
Bicenta stated, “I'm demanding your license to carry a firearm.”
Bicenta remarked, “I'm going to take it, bro.”
Bicenta was placed under arrest.
Bicenta was charged with unlawful possession of a firearm.
Bicenta was charged with unlawful possession of ammunition.
Bicenta was charged with unlawful possession of a large capacity feeding device.
A transport unit was requested to the scene.