Members of the District D-14 Alston-Brighton Drug Control Unit conducted a drug investigation on Wednesday, April 10, 2024.
The investigation occurred at about 7:23 p.m.
The investigation involved Ivan Singleton.
Ivan Singleton is 63 years old.
Ivan Singleton is of Dorchester.
Drug control officers requested the assistance of a marked patrol cruiser.
The request was to conduct a traffic stop of a suspected motor vehicle.
The requested stop was in the area of Commonwealth Avenue.
I stopped the vehicle.
The vehicle was identified as a black 2021 Nissan Murano.
Singleton asked what was going on.
Singleton asked what he did.
I asked Singleton where he was coming from.
Singleton provided vague answers.
Singleton pointed while answering.
Singleton stated he was coming from "down the street."
I advised Singleton the stop was related to an investigation.
I advised Singleton he was observed stopping to meet with another individual.
Officers recovered a pill bottle from the suspect.
The pill bottle contained two plastic bags.
The contents of the bags were believed to be fentanyl.
The contents of the bags were believed to be crack cocaine.
Singleton questioned if we needed a warrant to check his vehicle.
I informed Singleton that we did not need a warrant.
A motor vehicle inventory search was conducted.
Officers recovered approximately 17 grams of fentanyl during the search.
Officers recovered crack cocaine during the search.
Officers recovered various loose pills during the search.
Officers recovered digital scales during the search.
Officers recovered unused glass pipes during the search.
Officers recovered other drug paraphernalia during the search.
Officers recovered $575 in U.S. currency during the search.
Singleton was placed under arrest.
Singleton was charged with trafficking of Class A.
Singleton was charged with distribution of Class B.
Singleton was charged with two counts of possession with intent to distribute Class B.
Singleton was charged with possession with intent to distribute Class E.
[INSERT: whether Miranda warnings were provided].
Singleton was arraigned in Brighton District Court.