The date of the incident was Sunday, March 3, 2024.
The time was approximately 12:52 a.m.
I was with other officers from the Boston Police Anticrime Unit.
The unit is based in Roxbury.
I was on routine patrol.
I was in the area of Hampton Street and Melnea Cass.
We observed an unregistered vehicle.
The vehicle was in violation of auto laws.
We initiated a traffic stop.
The vehicle halted at the intersection of Albany and Hampton Street.
I engaged with the operator.
The operator was identified as Mario Thames.
I asked Thames for his driver's license.
Thames initially claimed his license was at his house.
I questioned Thames further.
Thames admitted he did not possess a valid license.
Thames admitted he had lied.
Thames stated he lied because he "didn't want to start doing that."
I observed the license plate attached to the vehicle.
The license plate was not on file.
The license plate was not real.
Thames was ordered to exit the vehicle.
Officers conducted an inventory search of the vehicle.
Officers noticed the center console appeared tampered with.
Officers noticed the center console appeared loose.
A thorough examination revealed the handle of a firearm.
A thorough examination revealed the slide of a firearm.
The weapon was identified as a SCCY CPX1.
The weapon was a 9mm caliber.
The weapon was black and silver.
The weapon was loaded.
There was one bullet in the chamber.
There were 11 rounds in the magazine.
I asked Thames for his license to carry a firearm.
It was determined Thames did not have a license to carry a firearm.
Thames acknowledged the weapon.
Thames referred to the weapon as a "grabber."
Thames confirmed there was "one up top" in the chamber.
Thames stated the round in the chamber was for safety precautions.
Thames was placed under arrest.
I read Thames his Miranda rights from a card.
The rights included the right to remain silent.
The rights included the right to counsel.
Thames verbally confirmed he understood his rights.
Thames stated, "Yes, sir."
Thames was cooperative.
Thames did not resist.
Thames did not attempt to flee.
We attempted to make a phone call to a contact Thames requested.
We used Thames's cell phone for the call.
The call went to voicemail.
Thames was charged with unlawful possession of a firearm.
Thames was charged with unlawful possession of ammunition.
Thames was charged with possessing a high-capacity firearm.
Thames was charged with operating without a license.
Thames was charged with operating an unregistered vehicle.
Thames was charged with a number plate violation to conceal identity.
Thames was informed he was being transported to Nash Street.
Thames was arraigned in Roxbury District Court.