I responded to a report.
The report concerned a male subject.
The subject had made threatening statements about a device in the building.
I arrived at the scene.
I spoke with staff.
I spoke with security personnel.
A witness described the suspect as a white male.
A witness described the suspect as having dirty blonde hair.
A witness described the suspect as wearing a maroon long-sleeved shirt.
I attempted to review security surveillance footage to identify the subject.
Staff informed me the camera system was down.
Staff informed me the camera system was not recording.
Investigation revealed the subject had used a credit card at the bar.
The name on the card did not match any registered guests.
There was suspicion that the card might be stolen.
We proceeded to check room 905.
We located a male inside the room.
The male matched the description.
I asked the male to step out to speak with us.
The individual complied.
We placed the individual in handcuffs.
I asked the subject if he had anything dangerous in the room.
I specifically asked regarding a device.
The subject stated, "Absolutely not."
I informed the subject that we needed to discuss a conversation.
I informed the subject the conversation was held downstairs.
The suspect admitted to the interaction.
The suspect stated that a dog was barking at him.
The suspect claimed he asked the handler, "Oh, you have a bomb-smelling dog?"
The suspect stated, "I don't have any bombs or anything."
The suspect insisted he was just trying to calm the dog down.
The suspect insisted he was just trying to make a joke.
I advised the suspect that making terroristic threats is a felony crime in Massachusetts.
I explained that his statements caused significant alarm.
I noted that the hotel almost went into lockdown.
We instructed the suspect to put on his shoes.
The shoes were black sneakers.
The shoes were located by the bed.
I asked about the location of the suspect's wallet.
The suspect indicated the wallet was in his bag or on the table.
We located the wallet in the bag.
We secured the wallet.
The suspect was escorted out of the building.
The suspect was placed into a police cruiser.
The police cruiser was parked outside.