On Friday, January 6, 2022, officers were assigned to Boston's District C-6.
Officers were assigned to Boston's District C-11 Drug Control Unit.
Agents from the FBI were present.
The incident occurred at [INSERT: time of incident].
Officers and agents executed three search warrants.
The location of the warrant execution was 15 Boyden Street in Mattapan.
The operation was part of an ongoing joint investigation.
The investigation focused on Kenneth Wallace.
Kenneth Wallace is 43 years old.
Kenneth Wallace is of Mattapan.
Officers arrived at the residence.
Officers announced "Boston Police."
Officers encountered a female individual inside the dwelling.
Officers questioned the female regarding who else was in the house.
Officers questioned the female regarding the location of the suspect.
Officers inquired about the whereabouts of a child on the premises.
Officers confirmed a child was present.
The child was a four-year-old male.
The female was permitted to retrieve the child.
I detained a male individual during the execution of the warrant.
The male individual inquired why I was in his pocket.
The male individual asked what he was being arrested for.
I informed the individual that he was not under arrest at that specific moment.
I informed the individual that he was being detained.
I informed the individual that officers possessed a search warrant for him.
I advised the individual of his Miranda rights.
I stated the individual had "a right to make silence."
I stated the individual had a right to an attorney even if he could not afford one.
The individual asked if body-worn cameras were recording.
I confirmed that body-worn cameras were recording.
I asked if the individual understood these rights.
The individual responded "Yeah."
The individual responded "Certainly, send me the papers."
Officers recovered 39 grams of fentanyl.
Officers recovered 7 grams of methamphetamine.
Officers recovered an undetermined amount of crack cocaine.
Officers recovered a box of 50 rounds of 9mm ammunition.
Officers recovered a Taurus 709 slim 9mm handgun.
The recovered handgun was loaded.
The handgun had one round in the chamber.
The handgun had six rounds in the magazine.
Officers recovered an AK-47 assault rifle.
The AK-47 assault rifle was loaded with 28 rounds of 7.62x39mm ammunition.
Kenneth Wallace was placed under arrest.
Kenneth Wallace was charged with unlawful possession of an assault weapon.
Kenneth Wallace was charged with unlawful possession of a firearm.
Kenneth Wallace was charged with unlawful possession of ammunition.
Kenneth Wallace was charged with trafficking fentanyl 36 grams or more.
Kenneth Wallace was charged with possession with intent to distribute a Class B substance.