On Thursday, January 18, 2024, I was working as part of a joint investigation.
The investigation involved Boston's Youth Violence Strike Force.
The investigation involved the Massachusetts State Police Gang Unit.
We were conducting an investigation into a target identified as Malik Parrish Butler.
Malik Parrish Butler is 23 years old.
Malik Parrish Butler is of Roxbury.
The investigation regarded Butler's history involving firearm possession.
The investigation regarded Butler's history involving other violent crimes.
I was on patrol.
We observed a vehicle fail to stop at a stop sign.
The stop sign was located at the intersection of Millet Street and Athelwold Street.
We immediately recognized the passenger of the vehicle as Butler.
We conducted a stop of the vehicle outside 204 Norwell Street in Dorchester.
My partner and I ordered the driver to get out of the car.
My partner and I ordered Butler to get out of the car.
Butler refused our orders to step out.
Butler was assisted out of the vehicle.
We searched Butler.
We found Butler in possession of an illegal firearm.
The firearm was identified as a Glock 35 Gen 4 .40 caliber handgun.
The firearm was loaded with 13 rounds in the magazine.
The firearm was loaded with one round in the chamber.
Butler asked why he could not call anyone.
Butler inquired about the reason for the stop.
I informed Butler that he was under arrest.
I read Butler his Miranda warnings.
I advised Butler of his right to remain silent.
I advised Butler that anything he said could be used against him in a court of law.
I advised Butler of his right to consult with a lawyer before answering questions.
I advised Butler of his right to have a lawyer present during questioning.
I advised Butler that if he could not afford a lawyer, one would be provided by the Commonwealth without cost.
I advised Butler that he could stop answering questions at any time.
I asked Butler if he understood these rights.
Butler replied, "Yep."
Butler stated, "I don't have a license."
Butler stated, "I don't know what you're talking about."
We requested a transport unit to the scene.
We checked the rest of the vehicle.
Butler was charged with carrying a firearm without a license (subsequent offense).
Butler was charged with carrying a loaded firearm.
Butler was charged with possession of a large capacity feeding device.
Butler was charged with possession of ammunition without an FID card.
These charges were based on the discovery of the weapon.