It was about 7:48 p.m. on Friday, May 3rd, 2024.
I was working as a member of the Drug Control Unit of District A7, East Boston.
Officers were conducting an ongoing drug investigation in the area of Bayswater Street and Shawsheen Road.
We observed a street-level drug transaction.
We requested the assistance of a marked cruiser to conduct a traffic stop.
We made contact with the occupants in the area of 3 Almond Street.
There were two males identified as Adrian Salmerin and Kevin Cartagena.
We advised the two males of the reason for the stop.
We requested the two males to exit the vehicle [INSERT: vehicle description].
Officers conducted a pat frisk of one of the individual's backpacks [INSERT: name of individual with backpack].
Officers recovered a box of ammunition from the backpack.
Officers were placing the suspects into handcuffs.
One of the suspects [INSERT: name of individual with firearm] raised his arms.
Officers immediately observed the handle of a firearm in the suspect's waistband.
The firearm was later determined to be a Glock 19.
The firearm had one round in the chamber.
The firearm had 15 rounds in the magazine.
Officers recovered approximately $3,079 in U.S. currency from inside the vehicle.
Officers recovered about 67 various cannabis packages from inside the vehicle.
Officers recovered a box of ammunition containing 23 rounds from inside the vehicle.
I advised the suspect [INSERT: name of suspect being advised] of his rights.
I specifically stated that he has the right to an attorney.
I stated that we would provide an attorney at no cost to himself.
Officers asked the individual if he understood those rights.
The individual responded, "Okay."
Officers asked the individual where he was coming from.
Officers noted that the individual "watched the whole thing."
We informed the suspect that we would search him again.
We stated this search was to ensure he had no further contraband.
We confirmed the suspect had no weapons on his person.
We placed the suspect in the wagon for transport.
We noted that a further check would be conducted at the station.
Salmerin was arrested on firearm and drug charges.
Cartagena was arrested on firearm and drug charges.