I arrived on the scene regarding a disturbance.
The disturbance involved loud music coming from parked vehicles.
I made contact with a male subject.
The subject initially claimed the owner of the vehicle was "on his way."
The subject repeatedly stated, "That's not my car."
I informed the subject that we were taking control of the scene.
I stated this action was due to the volume of the music.
I asked the subject if the music was too loud.
The subject argued that he did not have music.
The subject argued that the vehicle was turned off.
The subject stated the music was "not very loud."
The subject stated the music was "not regular."
I questioned the subject about a specific key.
The subject confirmed the key was for the vehicle.
The subject admitted, "It's me."
The subject acknowledged responsibility.
I explained that there were recurring problems at this location every morning.
I explained that the "bosses" had decided all vehicles present were to be removed.
I advised the subject that everyone involved faces potential arrest for coming to this location.
The subject requested a chance regarding a blue car.
The subject stated he would take responsibility for "any other touch that happens here."
I reiterated that the decision was not mine.
I reiterated that the decision belonged to the supervisors.
I stated that all cars were "going to go with the guagua."
I instructed the subject to report to the station to receive a ticket.
I instructed the subject to go to Station B2 to retrieve his vehicle.
Station B2 is located at 2400 Washington Street in Roxbury.
I advised the subject that he might need to pay for the vehicle's storage for the night.
The subject presented his license for identification.
I observed the subject remove keys from a Chevy.
The Chevy was located directly in front of us.
I conferred with Officer McDougal.
I conferred with another officer.
We confirmed that all cars and speakers were being seized.
I instructed the assisting officer to take photos.
The photos were to ensure accurate booking.