It was Monday, October 3rd, 2022.
It was around 10:04 a.m.
Officers from Boston's B-2 District were on patrol.
Officers were following a shots fired call in the area of Blue Hill Avenue.
We observed a vehicle driving at a high rate of speed.
We conducted a traffic stop in the area of 69 Glenway Street.
The vehicle was occupied by a female passenger.
The vehicle was occupied by a male driver.
The driver was identified as Tremaine Butler.
Tremaine Butler is 32 years old.
Tremaine Butler is of Dorchester.
Mr. Butler denied driving fast during the initial interaction.
Mr. Butler denied passing the area of the shots fired call during the initial interaction.
We discussed reports of a white Lexus involved in the incident.
The stopped vehicle was identified as a BMW.
I spoke with the female passenger during the investigation.
The female passenger stated she lived at 51 Fenway Street.
The female passenger admitted to drinking that morning.
I asked the female passenger if she had identification.
The female passenger initially said she did not have identification.
An ID was recovered.
I advised the individual of their Miranda rights.
The rights included the right to remain silent.
The rights included the right to counsel.
The individual confirmed they understood their rights.
The individual was asked if they had a license to carry a firearm.
The response regarding the license was negative.
Mr. Butler admitted to the presence of a weapon.
Mr. Butler stated, "I just put it in her bag when I see the police."
The female passenger claimed she did not know anything about the item.
Officers searched Mr. Butler.
Officers recovered a 9mm Smith & Wesson handgun.
The handgun was loaded with 15 rounds in the magazine.
The handgun was loaded with one round in the chamber.
A check was conducted through Criminal Justice Information Services.
The check determined Mr. Butler had outstanding warrants out of Maryland.
The warrants included a charge for attempted first-degree murder.
The warrants included a charge for attempted second-degree murder.
The warrants included a charge for first-degree assault.
The warrants included a charge for use of a firearm during a felony.
The warrants included a charge for second-degree assault.
The warrants included a charge for reckless endangerment.
The warrants included handgun possession charges.
A request was made for a ballistics canine to respond to the scene.
Mr. Butler was placed under arrest based on the warrants.
Mr. Butler was placed under arrest based on the recovered evidence.
Mr. Butler was charged with unlawful possession of a firearm.
Mr. Butler was charged with unlawful possession of a large capacity feeding device.
Mr. Butler was charged with unlawful possession of ammunition.
Mr. Butler was charged with reckless operation of a motor vehicle.
Mr. Butler was charged with being a fugitive from justice.
The passenger requested the vehicle keys be left with the landlord.
The vehicle keys were left with the landlord at the scene.