I was on patrol at about 2:15 a.m. on Thursday, April 18, 2024.
I was assigned to District B-2, Roxbury.
I was on patrol with other Austin police officers.
I was in the area of Columbia Road.
We observed a motor vehicle operating at a high rate of speed.
We activated our marked cruiser's emergency lights.
We activated our marked cruiser's sirens.
We initiated a traffic stop.
We approached the vehicle.
We observed multiple empty alcohol bottles inside the vehicle.
We observed one alcohol bottle situated in the front cup holder.
The operator was identified as James Perry, Jr.
James Perry, Jr. was unable to locate a registration for the vehicle.
James Perry, Jr. stated he was coming from his girlfriend's house in Norwood.
James Perry, Jr. stated he was trying to get to his mother.
Officers asked James Perry, Jr. about the alcohol.
James Perry, Jr. denied drinking.
James Perry, Jr. stated the bottles belonged to his girlfriend.
James Perry, Jr. stated he forgot to remove the bottles.
James Perry, Jr. offered to take a breathalyzer test.
I instructed James Perry, Jr. to stop reaching around the car.
I instructed James Perry, Jr. to turn the vehicle off.
We determined that James Perry, Jr.’s driver's license was expired.
I requested that James Perry, Jr. exit the vehicle.
I informed James Perry, Jr. that he did not have a valid license.
James Perry, Jr. asked if he was being arrested.
I advised James Perry, Jr. that he was under arrest for unlicensed operation.
I instructed James Perry, Jr. to leave his belongings in the car.
James Perry, Jr. refused to exit the vehicle voluntarily.
Officers were forced to assist James Perry, Jr. out of the vehicle.
James Perry, Jr. attempted to flee from officers.
James Perry, Jr. knocked body cameras to the ground.
A foot pursuit ensued.
We requested assistance from responding units to apprehend the suspect.
Officers converged on the area identified as Hamilton and Mount Everest.
The area was later referenced as Hamilton and Oliver.
Officers were able to stop James Perry, Jr.
James Perry, Jr. continued to resist officers.
Officers attempted to place James Perry, Jr. into handcuffs.
James Perry, Jr. was eventually secured.
Officers led James Perry, Jr. back to an awaiting cruiser for transport.
[INSERT: Whether Miranda warnings were provided].
Officers recovered a firearm from inside James Perry, Jr.'s backpack.
The weapon was determined to be a Springfield XD9.
The weapon had one round in the chamber.
The weapon had 11 rounds in the magazine.
The magazine was identified as a high-capacity device.
The magazine was capable of holding 13 rounds.
James Perry, Jr. was charged with unlawful possession of a firearm.
James Perry, Jr. was charged with unlawful possession of ammunition.
James Perry, Jr. was charged with unlawful possession of a large-capacity feeding device.
James Perry, Jr. was charged with unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle.
James Perry, Jr. was charged with resisting arrest.