I responded to the vicinity of 442 Blue Hill Avenue in Dorchester on Tuesday, February 14, 2023.
I responded at approximately 9:11 a.m.
I responded with [INSERT: names of assisting officers].
I responded to execute an on-site arrest warrant for Ayala Raquel.
Ayala Raquel is 54 years old.
We were aware that Raquel was wanted on several warrants out of Roxbury District Court.
The warrants included a charge of armed robbery.
The warrants included a charge of assault by means of a dangerous weapon.
The warrants included a charge of malicious destruction of property.
We made contact with the suspect.
Raquel stated she was not going to run.
An assisting officer informed Raquel that she had "a lot of warrants."
Raquel disputed the officer's statement.
Raquel claimed she had cleared a warrant related to a Walgreens incident.
Raquel claimed she cleared the warrant after spending 12 hours in custody.
Raquel stated the current issue was related to her sister taking her to court.
Raquel stated the issue involved her son.
Raquel stated the issue involved a missed court date.
We advised Raquel that we needed to clear the active warrants.
We instructed Raquel to put her hands behind her back.
Officers observed Raquel was wearing a backpack.
Officers observed Raquel was wearing a fanny pack.
We requested Raquel remove the backpack.
We explained she could not ride in the back of the police vehicle with the backpack on.
Raquel became non-compliant.
Raquel insisted the bag "doesn't come off."
Raquel stated her Bible was inside the bag.
Raquel argued the bag would not come off for anyone.
Officers observed straps on the bag.
We removed the backpack.
We removed the backpack to search it incident to arrest.
Officers searched the backpack and Raquel's property.
Officers located spoons.
Officers located bottles.
Officers located lighters.
Officers located multiple rocks.
Officers handled a specific item during the search.
Raquel became agitated when officers handled this item.
Raquel identified the item as her "ticket."
Raquel stated the item was a lottery ticket.
Raquel stated the ticket was very important to her.
We assured Raquel the item would go with her.
Officers searched Raquel's person.
Raquel complained about her shirt being lifted during the search.
Raquel stated we were "flashing" her.
The weather was cold.
Raquel had a large volume of items in her possession.
An officer described the items as "trash."
An officer described the items as "too much stuff."
We decided to transport the property back to the B-2 district station.
We transported the property to conclude the search.
We placed Raquel's money inside her fanny pack.
We prepared Raquel for transport.