The incident occurred on Friday, September 9, 2022.
The time of the incident was [INSERT: time of incident].
Officers were from the Youth Violence Strike Force.
Massachusetts State Police were present with the officers.
We conducted a traffic stop in the area of 32 Warren Street.
The location of the stop was in Roxbury.
We observed the vehicle pull out.
We observed the vehicle "skirt" its tires.
We observed the vehicle "fly" out of the area.
We initiated the stop based on these observations.
We approached the vehicle.
We observed the driver motioning towards the center console of the car.
The driver was later identified as Tracy Young.
Tracy Young is 31 years old.
Tracy Young is of Lawrence.
We recovered a SCCY CPX-1 firearm.
The firearm was a compact 9mm.
The firearm was fully loaded.
There was 1 round in the chamber.
There were 11 rounds in the magazine.
[INSERT: how evidence was collected or stored].
I advised Mr. Young that we were going to proceed "by the book."
I read Mr. Young his Miranda warnings.
I informed him that he had the right to remain silent.
I informed him that anything he said might be used against him in a court of law.
I informed him that he had the right to consult with a lawyer before answering questions.
I informed him that he had the right to have a lawyer present during questioning.
I informed him that if he could not afford an attorney, one would be provided by the Commonwealth at no cost.
I asked if he understood these rights.
I advised him that he could waive his rights to answer questions.
I advised him that he could waive his rights to make a statement.
I demanded Mr. Young’s license to carry a firearm.
Mr. Young stated, "I have a training permit."
I asked, "Do you have a license to carry?"
Mr. Young complied with the questioning.
Mr. Young admitted, "No, I don't."
We discussed his identification.
Mr. Young indicated he did not know his social security number.
Mr. Young stated his ID was in his wallet.
Mr. Young was placed under arrest on the scene.
[INSERT: details regarding transport of suspect].
He was charged with unlawful possession of a firearm.
He was charged with unlawful possession of ammunition.
He was charged with unlawful possession of a large-capacity feeding device.
Mr. Young was arraigned in Roxbury District Court.