Officers responded to the area of 56 Dunbar Avenue on Saturday, March 30th, 2024.
The time of the response was about 5:22 p.m.
The responding officers were assigned to District B3, Mattapan.
The response was regarding a report of a person with a knife.
Officers observed two individuals running from the area upon arrival.
Officers stopped the two individuals.
We were advised that these individuals were being chased by a person with a knife.
The victims are [INSERT: victim names].
The victims stated they were playing basketball.
The victims stated they were approached by the suspect.
The victims stated the suspect asked if he could play.
The suspect became overly aggressive.
The suspect was asked to leave.
The suspect put one of the victims in a headlock.
The suspect released the victim.
The suspect pulled out a knife.
The suspect began to chase the victims.
Officers were provided a description of the suspect.
Responding officers observed a male screaming at the basketball court.
We approached the suspect.
The suspect was identified as Omar Stevenson.
Omar Stevenson is 37 years old.
Omar Stevenson is of Dorchester.
I commanded Stevenson to keep his hands up.
Stevenson initially complied.
Stevenson questioned why we were there.
Stevenson stated, "I am relaxed."
Stevenson was asked if he had anything on him he shouldn't have.
Stevenson denied having a gun.
Stevenson claimed someone had falsely reported him.
Officers apprehended Stevenson.
Officers conducted a pat frisk.
Officers recovered a knife during the frisk.
The knife was a 12-inch hunting knife.
The knife was in a sheath.
The sheath was located in the suspect's waistband.
The sheath was located under the suspect's coat.
Stevenson acknowledged ownership of the weapon.
Stevenson stated, "That's my knife."
I attempted to retrieve Stevenson's identification from his wallet.
Stevenson became argumentative.
Stevenson told me not to touch his wallet.
Stevenson told me not to touch his "personal shit."
Stevenson stated, "I'm not a suspect."
Stevenson continued to be verbally aggressive.
Stevenson made disparaging remarks.
Stevenson asserted, "I could walk around with a knife, a gun... whatever I wanna walk with."
Stevenson was placed in handcuffs.
Stevenson was advised that he was under arrest.
I informed Stevenson he was being charged with assault by means of a dangerous weapon.
I informed Stevenson he was being charged with assault and battery.
I informed Stevenson he was being charged with carrying a dangerous weapon during a breach of the peace (26910B).
Stevenson was escorted to the police vehicle.
Stevenson is expected to be arraigned in Dorchester District Court.