I arrived on scene at [INSERT: specific location].
I engaged with a male suspect.
I questioned the suspect initially.
I asked the suspect about his history.
I asked the suspect when he had last visited the location.
The suspect responded, "Probably last year."
It was determined that the suspect had four outstanding warrants.
I communicated with another officer to confirm transport logistics.
It was established that the suspect would be transported to Nashua Street.
It was established that the suspect would not be transported to a district station.
The transport decision was due to the suspect having multiple warrants.
I advised the suspect that he was being trespassed from the "pastoral."
I advised the suspect that the trespass was for three years.
I advised the suspect that he needed to sign documents.
I instructed the suspect to remove a cup from his hand.
I warned the suspect not to do anything "stupid."
The suspect verbally complied.
The suspect stated he would not do anything "stupid."
I proceeded to place the suspect in handcuffs.
The suspect requested his shirt during the handcuffing process.
I denied the suspect's request for his shirt.
I confirmed with an assisting officer that the suspect had been "mad" prior to my engagement.
I confirmed with an assisting officer that the suspect had been "talking shit" prior to my engagement.
I told the suspect that if he treated me with respect, I would treat him with respect.
The suspect agreed to treat me with respect.
The suspect requested to make a phone call.
I explained to the suspect that he would be held at the jail for the weekend.
I explained that the detention was due to the four active warrants.
I described the facilities at Nashua Street to the suspect.
I asked the suspect if he had a job.
The suspect replied that he was "just trying to survive right now."
I conducted a search of the suspect.
The purpose of the search was to ensure the suspect possessed no guns or weapons.
I asked the suspect about a specific item he was holding during the search.
The suspect replied, "This is my soul."
I informed the suspect that we would search the item further once outside.
I confirmed with other officers that there were no additional items in the suspect's pockets.
I located the suspect's hat in a bag.
I asked the suspect if he wanted to cover his identity.
The suspect mentioned he had just bought a "bow cap."
The search was completed.
The existence of the four warrants was reiterated.
We prepared to transport the suspect from the scene.