It was approximately 6:35 p.m. on Sunday, February 25, 2024.
I am an officer assigned to District C-6, South Boston.
Other officers were assigned to District C-6, South Boston.
I was dispatched to 22 Liberty Drive.
The dispatch was for reports of vandalism in progress.
I arrived at the scene.
We were informed that the suspect is named David Gong.
We were informed that David Gong is 33 years old.
We were informed that David Gong is of Newton.
We were informed that David Gong had arrived at the establishment in an intoxicated state.
I spoke with the bartender named Michael.
Michael stated that Gong sat at the bar.
Michael stated that Gong appeared clearly intoxicated.
Michael advised Gong that he could not serve him alcohol.
Michael offered Gong food.
Michael offered Gong water.
Gong threw his water at the bar.
Gong proceeded to the restroom.
I interviewed the Assistant General Manager named Philippe [INSERT: Last Name].
Philippe [INSERT: Last Name] confirmed that Gong had been removed from the premises in the past.
Philippe [INSERT: Last Name] stated the past removal was for drinking outside alcohol.
Philippe [INSERT: Last Name] stated that Gong entered the restroom.
Philippe [INSERT: Last Name] stated that Gong engaged in destructive behavior inside the restroom.
Gong exited the stall.
Gong informed a staff member named Daniela that there was a fire in the bathroom.
Philippe [INSERT: Last Name] entered the restroom.
Philippe [INSERT: Last Name] observed a stack of paper towels inside the trash barrel.
Philippe [INSERT: Last Name] observed that the paper towels had been lit on fire.
Philippe [INSERT: Last Name] began throwing water on the flames.
The incident resulted in damage to the trash barrel.
The incident resulted in damage to the lid.
The incident resulted in damage to the faucet.
Boston Fire Department responded to the scene.
Boston Fire Department extinguished the fire.
Officers located Gong outside the establishment.
We placed David Gong under arrest.
David Gong is charged with attempted arson.
David Gong is charged with destruction of property.
David Gong is charged with burning of a public building.
David Gong is charged with burning of personal property.
David Gong is charged with attempt to burn a public building.
David Gong is charged with attempted arson of a dwelling house.
David Gong is charged with malicious destruction of property.