Officers responded to a call on Saturday, September 24, 2022.
The call was located at 128 Ruthven Street in Roxbury.
The call was regarding a complaint of three black males trespassing.
The call was regarding a complaint of three black males banging on a door.
The call was regarding a complaint of three black males causing a disturbance.
We found Mr. Donya Henderson at the scene.
We found two male accomplices at the scene.
One accomplice was later identified as Dajon Harrison.
One accomplice was later identified as Tyler White.
The subjects were attempting to kick in the door of an apartment.
I asked the subjects for identification.
The subjects initially stated they had no IDs.
Mr. Harrison claimed they were there to visit family.
Mr. Harrison referred to a cousin as "Christmas."
Mr. Harrison admitted he did not know the name of the person in Apartment 5.
I explained to the group that they were currently trespassing.
I explained to the group that they needed to provide their names.
Mr. Harrison provided his information verbally.
Mr. White provided his information verbally.
Mr. Henderson identified himself as "Donnie Henderson."
Mr. Henderson provided his date of birth.
A female arrived on the scene during the interaction.
The subjects identified the female as the homeowner.
The subjects identified the female as their cousin.
I asked the female if she knew the subjects.
I asked the female if the subjects lived at the residence.
The female confirmed she knew the subjects.
The female explicitly stated that the subjects did not live there.
I established probable cause for trespassing.
We proceeded to detain the three males.
I advised Mr. Henderson of his Miranda rights.
I stated, "Before we ask you any questions, you must understand your rights."
I fully recited the Miranda warning.
Mr. Henderson replied, "Yes, sir."
Mr. Henderson indicated he understood.
Mr. Henderson was found in possession of a loaded Ruger LCP 380.
The firearm was equipped with an extended magazine.
The magazine was loaded with seven rounds.
I noted to the other officers that one firearm was recovered.
I noted that all subjects were to be placed in handcuffs.
I stated that the subjects were to remain in handcuffs until we could verify there were no additional weapons.
Mr. Henderson was arrested on sight.
Mr. Henderson was charged with unlawful possession of a firearm.
Mr. Henderson was charged with unlawful possession of a large capacity feeding device.
Mr. Henderson was charged with unlawful possession of ammunition.
Mr. Henderson was charged with trespassing.