It was Wednesday, April 10, 2024.
It was about 10:13 p.m.
Officers were assigned to District D-4, South End.
Officers were in the area of Massachusetts Avenue and Albany Street.
We were advised by the District D-4 front desk officer that a victim filed a report for a stolen scooter.
We were advised the scooter was tracking in the area.
Officers observed a female suspect operating a scooter.
The suspect was identified as Jody Faria.
Jody Faria is 41 years old.
Jody Faria is of Billerica.
Officers approached Faria.
Faria attempted to flee.
Faria drove onto the sidewalk.
Officers stopped Faria.
Officers placed Faria into handcuffs.
Officers searched Faria.
We recovered a large plastic bag.
The bag contained a substance believed to be crack cocaine.
It was later determined that the crack cocaine weighed approximately 32 grams.
Faria was placed under arrest.
Faria was charged with trafficking of Class B.
Faria was charged with possession with intent to distribute Class B.
Faria was charged with possession of Class B.
Officers asked Faria why she did not stop.
Officers had asked Faria to stop multiple times.
The requests to stop occurred over the course of six blocks.
Faria claimed she bought the scooter "off of someone."
Faria denied knowing she needed to stop.
Officers received information that the owner of the scooter was in the front lobby.
The owner of the scooter was identified as Brandon O'Donnell.
Officers confirmed that Faria was in possession of the stolen scooter.
Officers confirmed Faria was wearing the same jacket associated with the theft.
Officers confirmed Faria was wearing the same bag associated with the theft.
Faria had an injury to her face.
There was a presence of blood.
Officers offered to summon EMS to evaluate Faria.
Faria stated, "I don't need to go to the ambulance."
Faria stated, "I'm fine, sir."
Faria expressed a desire to be bailed out instead.
Officers advised Faria she would need to formally deny medical attention to EMS.
Officers prepared to transport Faria to the station.