I initiated a traffic stop at approximately 1042 hours.
The stop was on a vehicle bearing license plate 763 Yankee Tango 8.
The stop occurred at [INSERT: specific location of stop].
I observed five occupants in the car.
I advised one passenger regarding the reason for the stop.
The reason for the stop was an infraction for not wearing a seatbelt.
I requested identification from the occupants.
One male identified himself as Joseph Williams.
Joseph Williams provided a date of birth of 7/25/01.
A female passenger was wearing a red jacket.
The female passenger identified herself as Annalise Guerrero.
Annalise Guerrero provided a date of birth in 2005.
Another passenger identified himself as Hildo Vaz.
I noted that the occupants appeared extremely nervous.
I noted that the occupants refused to make eye contact.
I recognized the driver as having a history involving firearms.
I identified another passenger as Mark Gentle.
I knew Mark Gentle from a previous incident involving a knife.
Assisting officers were present.
Assisting officers and I decided to remove the individuals from the vehicle.
The removal was to be done one at a time.
This decision was due to the occupants' behavior.
This decision was due to safety concerns.
I observed a baseball bat inside the vehicle during the interaction.
Officers attempted to remove the occupants.
Officers specifically attempted to remove Mr. Crawford.
Officers specifically attempted to remove a 16-year-old juvenile male.
A struggle ensued.
Officers issued repeated commands to "stop resisting."
Officers issued repeated commands to "put your hands."
Officers issued repeated commands to "get on the ground."
An officer shouted "firearm accompanied."
Officers issued urgent commands to "stop reaching."
Officers issued urgent commands to "get the gun."
Officers successfully secured the suspects.
Officers announced, "I have the gun."
Two firearms were recovered at the scene.
One firearm was recovered from Mr. Crawford.
Mr. Crawford had reached for the weapon in his waist.
A second firearm was dropped by the juvenile male.
The juvenile male dropped the firearm during the struggle.
All occupants were placed in handcuffs.
I read the Miranda warnings to the subjects.
I advised the subjects of their right to remain silent.
I advised the subjects of their right to consult with a lawyer.
I demanded a License to Carry (LTC).
No license was produced.
I confirmed with Hildo Vaz that he was not the driver.
I confirmed with Hildo Vaz that the vehicle belonged to his father.
I informed Mr. Vaz that he would be released from the scene.
I informed Ms. Guerrero that she would be released from the scene.
Mr. Crawford was retained in custody.
The juvenile male was retained in custody.