It was about 6:58 p.m.
The date was Thursday, April 18, 2024.
Members of the District D-14 Allston-Brighton Drug Control Unit were present.
Members were conducting an ongoing drug investigation.
The investigation was in the area of 1202 Commonwealth Avenue.
Officers observed a male individual.
The male individual was later identified as Jose Reyes Jr.
Reyes was standing outside.
Reyes was looking at inbound traffic.
A motor vehicle stopped in front of Reyes.
The front passenger exited the vehicle.
The two individuals engaged in conversation.
The two individuals were observed handing unknown items to one another.
Officers believed a street-level drug transaction had occurred.
Officers inquired about the vehicle's registration.
The vehicle's registration was revoked.
Officers requested the assistance of a marked cruiser.
The request was made to conduct a traffic stop.
Officers approached the motor vehicle.
Officers advised the occupants of the reason for the stop.
Officers ordered the occupants to exit the vehicle.
Officers stated the vehicle needed to be towed due to the revoked registration status.
I approached Reyes.
I asked Reyes for his identification.
Reyes identified himself as Jose.
I advised Reyes of his Miranda rights.
Reyes subsequently engaged in conversation.
Reyes was asked if he had any weapons on his person.
Reyes admitted, "I got a knife on me."
A knife was located.
The knife was secured.
Reyes denied engaging in a drug transaction.
Reyes stated he just saw a friend named Adam.
Reyes questioned why he was being detained.
Reyes questioned why officers were searching the vehicle.
Reyes questioned why officers were searching the glove box.
Reyes admitted, "You will find some weed in the middle console and a ball."
Officers investigated the vehicle further.
Officers recovered a firearm.
Officers recovered one magazine loaded with eight rounds.
Officers recovered a second empty magazine.
Officers recovered a box of 42 rounds of 9mm ammunition.
The firearm was determined to be a Smith & Wesson M&P Shield.
Reyes was asked why the firearm was in the glove box.
Reyes claimed the firearm belonged to his nephew.
Reyes claimed his nephew lives in Vermont.
Reyes stated the nephew had been in the car a few months prior.
Reyes confirmed he did not have a license to carry a firearm.
Reyes was placed under arrest.
Reyes was charged with unlawful possession of a firearm.
Reyes was charged with unlawful possession of ammunition.
Reyes was charged with distribution of Class E.
The incident occurred in the area of [INSERT: specific location of the stop if different from 1202 Commonwealth Ave].
The incident was referenced as a stop at 300.
Reyes continued to deny knowledge of the firearm's presence.
Reyes continued to deny knowledge of the registration issues.
Reyes insisted the vehicle matters were a mix-up with the registry.
Reyes insisted the insurance matters were a mix-up with the registry.