The incident occurred on Tuesday, October 11, 2022.
The time was around 2:11 p.m.
Officers were with Boston's B3 District, Mattapan.
Officers conducted a traffic stop in the area of 52 Talbot Avenue in Dorchester.
We initiated the stop due to the vehicle's window tints.
I estimated the driver was speeding approximately 20 miles per hour over the speed limit.
The speed limit was 25 miles per hour.
The vehicle passed us near New England Avenue.
The driver was identified as Jordan Williams.
Jordan Williams is 22 years old.
Jordan Williams is of Dorchester.
Williams was argumentative regarding the basis of the stop.
Williams denied he was speeding.
Williams claimed he was stuck behind another vehicle.
I observed that Williams appeared to be shaking during our interaction.
I observed an item on the seat.
I asked Williams if he had a glove box.
I requested Williams to step out of the vehicle.
Williams exited the vehicle.
I conducted a frisk for weapons.
Williams stated I "grabbed" him.
I asked Williams if he possessed a License to Carry (LTC).
Williams replied, "No, I don't."
An officer advised Williams of his Miranda rights.
The rights included the right to remain silent.
The rights included the right to counsel.
Williams acknowledged the rights.
Officers conducted a search.
Officers found Williams to be in possession of a firearm.
The firearm was a Ruger SR-22.
The firearm was .22 caliber.
The firearm was loaded.
The firearm contained a magazine.
The magazine held 10 rounds of ammunition.
We located pills on the front seat.
The pills were believed to be a Class E substance.
The pills were described as fake Adderall or "Perk 30s."
Williams was placed under arrest.
Williams was charged with unlawful possession of a firearm.
Williams was charged with unlawful possession of ammunition.
Williams was charged with possession with intent to distribute a Class E substance.
Williams requested to call a family member.
The purpose of the call was to retrieve his vehicle.
Williams stated his father was five minutes away.
We agreed to allow the arrangement.
The agreement was conditional on the vehicle being parked legally.
Williams was transported to the B3 District.
Williams was transported for booking.