The incident occurred on Wednesday, January 25, 2023.
The incident occurred at approximately [INSERT: time].
Officers were assigned to Boston's B3 District.
Officers responded to a call regarding a person with a gun.
The call location was the area of 1509 Blue Hill Avenue.
I located a male subject matching the description.
The subject was later identified as Santiago Webb.
Santiago Webb is 47 years old.
Santiago Webb is of Mattapan.
I approached the subject.
I asked the subject to take his hands out of his pockets.
Webb claimed his hands were out of his pockets.
Webb's hands remained concealed.
Webb stated, "Don't pull for me."
Webb began walking away from me.
I ordered officers to handicap the suspect.
A firearm was recovered from Webb’s front waistband.
The recovery occurred during the detention.
The weapon was identified as a SCCY CPX2 9mm pistol.
The weapon was loaded.
The magazine contained 10 rounds.
I asked Webb if he possessed a License to Carry (LTC).
I asked Webb if he possessed a license to carry a firearm in the state.
Webb verbally confirmed that he did not have an LTC.
I read Webb his Miranda rights from a card.
I advised Webb of his right to remain silent.
I advised Webb that anything he said could be used against him in a court of law.
I advised Webb of his right to consult with a lawyer.
Webb indicated he understood his rights.
Webb said, "Okay."
I advised Webb that he could waive these rights.
I advised Webb that he could stop answering questions at any time.
I asked Webb for identification.
Webb stated he did not have an ID on his person.
Webb verbally provided his name.
Webb verbally provided the spelling of his name.
The incident originated from a report of an assault with a firearm.
The report involved a confrontation between two parties.
The suspect allegedly racked the slide of the firearm.
Webb was placed under arrest.
Webb was charged with unlawful possession of a firearm.
Webb was charged with unlawful possession of a large capacity firearm.
Webb was charged with unlawful possession of ammunition.
Webb was charged with assault with a dangerous weapon.
Officers on scene indicated Webb would be searched further.
The search would occur upon transport to the station.