The incident occurred at about 4:15 a.m. on Sunday, March 31, 2024.
Officers assigned to District C-11 Dorchester responded to the area of 4 Sumner Square.
Officers responded to a report of a loud party.
Officers arrived at the scene.
Officers observed multiple vehicles illegally parked on the sidewalk.
The vehicles were parked on both sides of the street.
We could hear loud music.
We observed a large group of about 70 individuals.
Officers advised the group to leave the area multiple times.
The group refused to leave the area.
Officers attempted to clear the street.
We instructed individuals to "keep it moving."
We instructed individuals to "take a walk."
Officers encountered resistance from several individuals during the engagement.
A female subject was later identified as Stephanie Ilma.
Ilma was advised that she was "out of control."
Ilma was advised that she "has to go."
Ilma argued that she shouldn't be arrested.
Ilma claimed that someone "hit the shit out of" her knee.
Officers ordered another individual to "back up out of her face."
The situation escalated into a physical altercation.
The altercation involved Ilma.
The altercation involved others.
Officers issued commands to "stop kicking" during the altercation.
Multiple parties were heard shouting "don't touch me."
Ilma alleged that her hair was broken during the struggle.
Officers arrested Luca Del Guado Santos.
Luca Del Guado Santos is 20 years old.
Luca Del Guado Santos is of Mattapan.
Officers arrested Stephanie Ilma.
Stephanie Ilma is 24 years old.
Stephanie Ilma is of Mattapan.
Officers arrested Miguel Martinez.
Miguel Martinez is 20 years old.
Miguel Martinez is of Boston.
The arrestees were charged with assault and battery on a police officer.
The arrestees were charged with resisting arrest.
The arrestees were charged with interfering with a police officer.
The arrestees were charged with disorderly conduct.
The arrestees were charged with disturbing the peace.
The remaining crowd dispersed.
A male individual alleged that a "dude swung his speaker."
The male individual alleged that the action injured his kneecap.
I received reports regarding a fight outside at 59 [INSERT: street name].
The provided audio transcript does not contain documentation regarding whether Miranda warnings were read to the arrestees.